don't bring anyone love into this
alright let's do some do you wanna do
filler ups
yeah sure okay let's do it
okay okay
so for fill er up sealer shut we're
doing today hey your mom's house edition
of fill er up sealer shut meaning that
we're going to discuss people that have
been featured on the show so first first
we have the ladies okay so would you
rather fill up and seal shut rain
Florence
today okay today during the day I have
collected my urine and this way now hurt
now okay so you you know who that is
or would you rather fill up and seal
shut come down later for boots ooh
I think we've spoken the tribe has
spoken
but if I have to choose I mean I cannot
I really think about it they know I am I
am here's a rain Florence she's gonna be
all weird and oh she's gonna cry yeah
yeah that's true
she just filled up with piss I feel like
the Moose soup lady is a real PID and
like she is a savage yeah yeah like
rains gonna be like I want you to
connect with me yeah she's gonna cry and
feel and mu soup lady's gonna be like
fuckin just slam it in there don't give
a shit
musu Blade II would take your head and
just force it in between our legs yep
and you run down there for moose suit
and you'd have to you'd have to eat her
box she won't let you out oMG you'd have
to eat all her moose soup oh man I'm
gonna go I bet I bet at least if you
were eating her out she'd be super a
complimentary you know the moo shu back
you guys are doing good yeah she'd be so
much fun I feel like the moose soup
lady's a party yeah rain is like a
serious bummer it'd be a downer yeah I'm
almost but it it actually depends what
mood you're in if you want to get fuckin
wild you go moose soup all the way yeah
if you want to like really take you if
you want to have like an emotional
connection then rain is like
just depends what you like let's ask the
audience who here would rather make
sweet love multiple times to rain
Florence the urine therapy lady few in
the back who would take to the moose
soup lady Wow you guys are fucking pigs
you guys are doing good
[Laughter]
holy shit okay so now we have this other
one okay oh yeah now it's the men
because I'm definitely I'm with them I'm
going musu this is a party yeah because
also you know she drinks you just like
just give me a handle of whiskey and
I'll fucking do it you just get through
it she's a serious pig okay so here are
your guys sometimes like it's guys that
have been featured on this podcast so
it's not gonna be good so would you
rather fuck would you would rather have
be filled up and sealed shut by this man
ruff Rock who is a master of sharpening
his sword 50 times 50 times or would you
rather have sex with this man it's not
gonna be I mean close your eyes close
your eyes
close your eyes close your eyes all
right so there's kisses kisses on your
neck he makes that noise from a fucking
highway
imagine if he's up inside you just
pumping over and over here's the thing
the rub rub guy is so fucking creepy
I can't even what I'm so not in but he's
a master of love me I know you you I
that doesn't but doesn't matter here's
why I don't like him he he'll take
longer because he's mastered his his
circumstances right here subscription
masada Tessa Coe we found old videos of
him like I don't know 30-plus years old
still he was talking about your dick and
your balls then like he is he hasn't
wavered at all man when you finish the
kidney Masada tesak oh okay testico is
incredible factory producing a lot of
sexual energy okay yeah I mean it's a
really interesting one to think about so
you have a guy who for 50 years he's
just been like touching his dick talking
about his dick talking about sex so I
maybe it'd be like the most mind-blowing
sexual experience you could ever know
why he's such an expert I mean woman to
women like the all these scenarios are
about getting in and getting out right
so my mind it's like I'm gonna get in
there and I'm gonna let the trans-canada
dad he's gonna be so stoked dude he's
never had a mouth on his penis
ever
this will be the first time any woman's
ever tugged his nuts and he's gonna love
it and I'm gonna make this guy's life
dude the trans-canada highway okay
[Laughter]
that's how you see it - yeah just like
getting it out oh but what about that's
the thing in this scenario what's
supposed to be happening is these guys
are going to town for like hours so you
can't really think of it as in and out
maybe she's got a good point wait hold
on the lady in the front just said the
rub rub guy is going to be counting out
like one do but so you're gonna have to
hear this asshole count that was racist
the way you did that I was doing an
impression fifty time and then he'll go
fifty time fifty time it's a time like
you know turn in but as a woman you can
just close your eyes and lay your
scenario what you're saying makes sense
if you're like the idea is to get in and
out but what if in this scenario that
we're proposing yeah you have to spend
an hour with the person would you rather
have the rub rub guy who's like I make
you come fast hot like or or it's
trans-canada that guy it's it's very oh
yes you know why because I'll give him a
thimble full of whiskey which he's never
had in his life
and he'll go crazy like this is crazy
and it'll be it'll be so much fun for
him I would do it for him I would fuck
the rub-rub
dude that guy's gonna open your mind up
you big I've never even felt that in my
balls before and maybe like I know I'm a
fucking I'm the master of this guy I'm
the rub-rub guy let's take a poll who
here is gonna go for the rub rub guy yes
a hundred percent okay okay what about
rub the trans-canada highway hey give me
my robe
[Music]